Fix context.auth.uid in callable functions (#2058)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> * Fix issue with `context.auth.uid` in callable Cloud Functions (#2057).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes issue with `context.auth.uid` in callable Cloud Functions for Firebase (#2057).
```

@rachelsaunders will be proud of me.
